  The Company believes its internally generated liquidity,
together with access to external capital resources, will be
sufficient to satisfy existing commitments and plans, and
to provide adequate financial flexibility to take advantage
of potential strategic business opportunities should they
arise.

Contingent Items

As discussed in Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, the U.S. Government has terminated for
alleged default most of the work required under contracts
for a new Saudi Arabia air defense system known as the
Peace Shield program.  The Government has demanded
that the Company repay $605 million of Peace Shield
unliquidated progress payments and has selected another
contractor to perform the terminated work.  Management
believes that the Government's grounds for default are not
legally supportable, and on appeal the Government's
position will be overturned.  The Company has filed its
complaint in the United States Claims Court to overturn
the default termination, submitted a Contract Claim for
equitable adjustment to the contract prices and schedules,
and requested that repayment of $605 million of
unliquidated progress payments be deferred. The
Company's financial statements assume that the termina-
tion for default will be overturned and that the Contract
Claim will be settled in the Company's favor.  If the
Company's appeal of the termination for default is not
successful, the Company could realize a pre-tax loss on the
program approximating the value of the unliquidated
progress payments plus related interest and potential
damages.


  The Company continues to be subject to ongoing U.S.
Government investigations of business practices and cost
classifications. These proceedings could involve claims by
the Government for damages, and under certain circum-
stances a contractor can be suspended or debarred from
Government contracts.  The Company believes, based upon
all available information, that the outcome of the Govern-
ment investigations will not have a materially adverse
effect on its financial position or results of operations.

  The Company is subject to federal and state require-
ments for protection of the environment, including those
for discharge of hazardous materials and remediation of
contaminated sites.  Due in part to their complexity and
pervasiveness, such requirements have resulted in the
Company being involved with related legal proceedings,
claims and remediation obligations over the past 10 years.
The costs incurred and expected to be incurred in connec-
tion with such activities have not had, and are not expected
to have, a material impact to the Company's financial
position.  With respect to results of operations, related
charges have averaged less than 2% of annual net earnings,
and have not exceeded 3~~~% in any given year.

  The Company routinely assesses, based on in-depth
studies, expert analyses and legal reviews, its contingencies,
obligations and commitments to clean up sites, including
assessments of the probability of recoveries from other
responsible parties who have and have not agreed to a 
settlement and recoveries from insurance carriers.  The
Company's policy is to immediately recognize identified
exposures related to environmental cleanup sites based on
conservative estimates of investigation, cleanup, and
monitoring costs to be incurred.

  Based on all known facts and expert analyses, the Com-
pany believes it is not reasonably likely that identified
environmental contingencies will result in a materially
adverse impact to the Company's financial position or
operating results and cash flow trends.


The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries        36